We've got our data layer put together, which means we can now go back over to our new route handler,
the one we were working on just a little bit ago, and start to put this implementation together.
So inside of my new route handler at the very top, I'm going to import those two models that we just
created.
So I'm going to get tickets from up one directory models ticket.
An order from up one directory models order.
So now we've got the ability to potentially fetch a ticket out of our database and potentially save
a order as well.
So now let's go down to our handler.
The first thing we're going to do inside of here is write out a couple of comments and really think
about what logic we need to implement inside of here.
So this is really going to require us to deeply understand what this application is all about.
So as a quick reminder, the whole idea here is that we want to be able to create an order associate
with a ticket that has already been created inside the database.
And we also want to make sure that order will expire after 15 minutes.
So we make sure need to make sure we set that expires at flag as well.
So with all this in mind, let's write out a couple of different comments just to guide ourselves.
The first thing I have to do inside of here is find the ticket the user is trying to order in the database.
So when we try to find the ticket that the user trying to order, if we fail to find it for some reason,
then potentially the ticket has already been purchased.
Maybe the ticket has been deleted.
Maybe the user for some reason crafted a malicious request to try to buy a ticket that doesn't exist
for some crazy reason.
So if we fail to find the ticket that the user is trying to purchase, we're going to want to definitely
return some kind of air immediately.
After that we need to make sure that this ticket.
Is not already reserved.
So the entire idea here with reserving a ticket for 15 minutes is that we're kind of planning around
the idea of our application, getting a lot of traffic and a lot of people trying to buy the same tickets
at the same point in time.
So in just 1/2 of time, in other words, in the instant of time, we can kind of imagine that we might
get ten different requests of a bunch of users, all trying to reserve the exact same ticket.
So we need to somehow make sure that this ticket is not already been reserved by someone else.
Just finding the ticket inside the database is not enough.
Once we have done these two steps right here, we're then going to.
Calculate an expiration date for this order.
So as I mentioned, we're going to assume that the order has 15 minutes to pay.
After that, the ticket will essentially go unlocked and the order will enter a canceled state.
That 15 minutes is entirely arbitrary.
Of course, we can make it 15 seconds.
We can make it 15 days.
It really doesn't matter.
We're going to make it a very easy to change variable, but we do have to make sure that at some point
in time we calculate when that expiration date occurs.
So we're going to do that inside of here.
Then after that, assuming we get past all these checks, we calculate that expiration date, then we'll
finally go ahead and build the order and save it to the database.
And then immediately after that, we definitely are going to want to tell the rest of our application
that in order has just been created, we definitely need to think through what other services need to
know that order has been created, so we'll have to do a little bit of research or thinking on that
front.
But chances are right now we can definitely assume that, well, we need to tell the rest of our application
that order was created.
We'll say publish an event saying that an order was created and remember publishing an event or creating
a new event.
We don't have any infrastructure right now to say that a order was created.
The only kind of events we have are listed out inside of our common module, specifically inside of
that event's directory.
So right now the only two events we have are ticket created and ticket updated.
So for this last step right here, we will definitely once again have to go back over to our common
module and create these new types of events.
Something to say, hey, the order was created.
And then after we create that event, of course, we'll also have to define a publisher inside of our
orders project.
So there really is a lot of stuff going on inside of here.
Let's get started right away.
So we're going to go through this first step right here.
We're going to try to find the ticket that the user is trying to order inside of our database.
On the line right above it.
I'm going to take a look at the incoming request body and I'm going to pull off the ID of the ticket
that the user is trying to order.
So I'll do a ticket ID coming from wrecked body.
So let's go ahead and then try to find that ticket inside the database.
This is going to be a very standard MongoDB or Mongoose query.
So we'll do a ticket is a weight ticket, find buy ID and we'll pass in the ID.
So now when we do this, fine by ID, we're going to either get our ticket or not a ticket.
So this might possibly be a value of null if we were not able to find an ID with the one that the user
just provided.
So we need to make sure that we handle the case in which no ticket was found.
So let's say if there is not a ticket.
Now let's throw a new not found air.
Remember, this is one of those custom areas we put together.
If we throw this air, then our air handling middleware will automatically capture it, turn a response
into a 404 and send it back to the user.
We do need to make sure that we import that type into our file, however.
So let's go back up to the top very quickly.
Find our common module.
An import not found air.
Now.
I don't want this video to run too long as well as we normally do.
So let's now take a pause right here.
We'll come back and start to implement everything else inside of here in just a moment.